docs(filter): Add Filter Rebind() method (#1993)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/filter/overview.md

| `Class` | `string` | The class that will be rendered on the outermost element. |
| `Value` | `CompositeFilterDescriptor` | Sets the value of the filter component. |

> ## Reference and Methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Filter Reference and Methods
```

The Filter exposes methods for programmatic operation. To use them, define a reference to the component instance with the `@ref` directive attribute.

| Method | Description |
| --- | --- |

> | `Rebind` | Calls `StateHasChanged` inside the Filter component. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Rebind` | Processes the component `Value` and updates the component UI. |
```

> >caption Get a reference to the Filter component and use its methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>caption Using the Filter component reference and methods
```

````CSHTML
@using Telerik.DataSource
@using Telerik.DataSource.Extensions

<TelerikFilter @ref="FilterRef" Value="@FilterValue" ValueChanged="@OnValueChanged">
    <FilterFields>
        <FilterField Name="@(nameof(Person.EmployeeId))" Type="@(typeof(int))" Label="Id"></FilterField>
        <FilterField Name="@(nameof(Person.Name))" Type="@(typeof(string))" Label="First Name"></FilterField>
        <FilterField Name="@(nameof(Person.AgeInYears))" Type="@(typeof(int))" Label="Age"></FilterField>
    </FilterFields>
</TelerikFilter>

<TelerikGrid Data="@GridData"
             Height="400px">
    <GridColumns>
        <GridColumn Field="@(nameof(Person.EmployeeId))" Title="Id" />
        <GridColumn Field="@(nameof(Person.Name))" Title="First Name" />
        <GridColumn Field="@(nameof(Person.AgeInYears))" Title="Age" />
    </GridColumns>
</TelerikGrid>

@code {

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    private List<Person> GridData { get; set; } = new();

    private List<Person> InitialData { get; set; } = new();

>     private TelerikFilter? FilterRef { get; set; }

Reviewer: Define `@ref`s first

    private CompositeFilterDescriptor FilterValue { get; set; } = new();

    private void OnValueChanged(CompositeFilterDescriptor value)
    {
        FilterValue = value;
        ProcessGridData(FilterValue);
    }

    private void ProcessGridData(CompositeFilterDescriptor filter)
    {
        var dataSourceRequest = new DataSourceRequest { Filters = new List<IFilterDescriptor> { filter } };

        var dataSourceResult = InitialData.ToDataSourceResult(dataSourceRequest);

        GridData = dataSourceResult.Data.Cast<Person>().ToList();
    }

    protected override async Task OnAfterRenderAsync(bool firstRender)
    {
        if (firstRender)
        {
            FilterValue.FilterDescriptors.Clear();
            FilterValue.LogicalOperator = FilterCompositionLogicalOperator.Or;

>             FilterValue.FilterDescriptors = new FilterDescriptorCollection(){

Reviewer: ```suggestion

            FilterValue.FilterDescriptors = new FilterDescriptorCollection(){
```

                new FilterDescriptor
                {
                    Member = nameof(Person.EmployeeId),
                    MemberType = typeof(int),
                    Operator = FilterOperator.IsEqualTo
                },
                new FilterDescriptor
                {
                    Member = nameof(Person.Name),
                    MemberType = typeof(string),
                    Operator = FilterOperator.IsEqualTo
                },
                new FilterDescriptor
                {
                    Member = nameof(Person.AgeInYears),
                    MemberType = typeof(int),
                    Operator = FilterOperator.IsEqualTo
                },
            };

>             FilterRef.Rebind();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            await Task.Delay(1000);
            FilterRef.Rebind();
```
